Excellent work Agent Let's quickly have a de-briefing over how you completed your last mission
based on intelligence from the Orange mission.
You had two links.
One was a download link for a CSP file which you downloaded and also in instructions for that see as
we file and it looks like we had to find the next link by concatenating all the characters of the third
column of that CACP file and inside of that that will give us a link to a PDF file.
And there's an email address hidden somewhere in that document of that pedia file we needed to find
the e-mail address and send an e-mail to it allowing us to receive a reply with further instructions.
Let's see how we could do this with Python.
So first let's grab that CSP file.
We will say F is equal to open and instead of yellow mission files we have that download link that cxxviii
and we will go ahead and read it.
And we'll say see underscore read physical to CSFB reader and in order to do this we'll need to import
the CXXVI module.
So let's do that import CXXVI and then we'll call F and then the next thing we can do is say Web sites
is equal to an empty string and we want to read in the third column.
So the third column is going to be indexed to meaning or say for row in C read will take our Web site
and then we will concatenate the information wrote to and then if we Cheka take a look at that Web site
we now have a new link.
So let's copy this and go to it in the browser.
So if we go to it in the browser it looks like we have a PDA file called contact e-mail information
and it seems to be just a bunch of Lauren ipsum text.
And somewhere there's contact information.
So we need to find the e-mail within this.
So we already know how to work with P.F. files.
Let's see if we can use that.
The first thing we need to realize is to search for an e-mail.
We need to use regular expressions.
So we're going to import our e.
And then let's have a test string that says this is a test string to practice our irregular expressions
and then e-mail example at test come no handle
OK.
So there's lots of different patterns we could decide on.
But basically what we want to do is a series of alphanumerics and then possibly underscores or wildcards
or dashes then at and then another series of alphanumerics wildcards or possible dashes.
So the way we're going to do this is we will say our pattern is equal to and we'll say backslash W for
alphanumerics and then just in case there's underscores or any other sort of dashes we'll include those
in the group and then we'll say the at symbol and we'll do something very similar for everything else
that could possibly be accurate.
So we'll have that as our pattern.
And let's use the search on our test text to see if it works.
And it looks like we're getting example at just t instead of dot com.
So let's work on this a little bit.
We need to add a plus sign there and there we go we can grab the rest of it.
So it looks like this pattern is working for us in order to grab e-mails.
So let's open up the pedia file and go through all the text of the pages and see if we can find emails.
And the other thing we can do that would be simpler is the search for just the at symbol.
But then that would also pick up things like handle so import my PDA to
and will say physical to open yellow machine files and we have this contact e-mail information PBF and
we'll open it with read binary and we'll say or PTF is PTF file reader.
And let's take a look at the number of pages we have.
So we have 61 pages.
Let's go ahead and make a for loop that goes through these pages and looks for things that look like
this some sort of group of characters alphanumerics the at symbol and then another group of alphanumerics
will say for an in range PTF pages the page will be equal to PTF get the page
at that current index the actual page text will be that page.
And then we will extract the text from it.
And then we'll check for our actual match will say match is equal to our e search and let's grab our
actual pattern here.
Well we can just type in pattern and then type in the page text.
And I will say if there's a match go ahead and print match group and remember match that group just
returns the actual match itself.
Alternatively instead of printing them out we could have saved them as a list.
So let's run through this and it looks like after going through everything we have some hidden links
here that don't seem to be e-mail addresses.
But this one definitely looks familiar.
Looks like info at the gold books Dot com.
And recall that the gold books Dot Com was the very first web site we encountered during the web scraping.
So it looks like it's a good idea to try to send email to info at the gold books Dot Com and see if
we can figure out where this all leads.
In order to send an e-mail to infer the gold bugs that.
Let's go ahead and begin to learn about how to send and receive emails with Python.
We'll see you there.
Agent excellent work so far.